one two three four five six seven eight
no I'm good mr. welcome and go sure you
love you so much I Prudential ill and I
should be a grandma crush hold in hand
Sharon had enough baby till my head now
she is rocky she's brewing up arms now
shut up short my finger through the hair
she's going to blush not just the chest
I gentlemen heart rush she said one
night stand up and high heels she loved
you lush shortly pregnant number wanna
cut son grandma Jack you I'm in a rush
left my car behind running for the bus
now I'm in the cribs if you're not me
dang Derrick Whipple here help me sleep
yeah yeah thing where I can't cheesy
exactly big ugly to me please me now she
on the floor short use protection you
will Gossage where my erection got the
protection when we were second airplane
in the night exit laughs she sure is by
the father shortly after correction
Alice oh and matron upon matrix-matrix
following up on me took your cereal
paper okay over time maxima I say you're
a cool noise over shanxi avoided bars
with loads you can look pale and desire
from an t shirt and tie lacrima people
in your family pic truck built with a
large carnelian oyster sauce watch this
link our fancy requested sit on stop
stop stop live in swimming like vodka
battle me mad logo KFC my lobster you
have found sharks are instructive here's
your Oscar lovers in the heirs what my
chest coffee like pasta what do you
reckon are we gonna check enough lad a
doctor oh shit dude who daddy well I'll
a doctor sea I've got the power laddie
so don't watch me Lance I need this
guy's to Swank with disguise so I don't
rock a balance why you cross were like
Kylie I don't but girls and Emily's I
ladders kind of tracking it true 20 20
your boss we can't catch me I'm do the
bus / bit too cold actually
well Xipe like you doing good luck with
that key you shook now don't know who
you're hitting are these friends moving
nuclear and we hear how much in be
reckless like we just got Jack's with
this message scrap that I Lake your
kickball over 2 z's the jacks with
illumise but then I said you're easy
these bars are two sides won't ever hear
I'm loosely I know you won't do we
download / DVD comment any truth is very
much convincing me and you don't like
the way that we're living by the sox are
throwing up original pitch the ISM
schisms perfect lyricism people should I
go go west when no i didn't hey we're
drilling with their little combination
lifson is creep what I mean kitty wet
young I'm matrix Kristen was it cost me
niggas wanna be stocks that we need some
road with no ha member and a school
stuff from the blocks finding big teeth
here in the cops rue des niggas get a
shot when the Fed shall not want to stop
me acting like they got me by ain't
gonna be another Lewis station cuz a
young eat me mix when I quotation I'll
never fit to my diet for life family if
we like from matrix the move I got the
shit on lock ain't here track for me so
you think you think I'll clock but I'm
back now yeah creepy name not know about
his back against know the truth yeah
hella highs with my teeth lifting the
duplin sorry gianna will on the scenes
chillin and setting up shows when I blow
no go bro do you think it'd be starting
around I can okie imma treat you can't
get higher than me matrix either yo and
I got some bars in and when you got to
be hearing from you know let me tell you
think that good in it
get myself into the moment
I listen in it I'm right in positive
bars straight from the heart ain't no
Satan is because I don't know what say
it is I'm type of God to be skilled in
the pot why do you ring the bells
actually want everyone to go hell oh
well just me out here I'm apex predator
out like that nigga's tease rest in
peace music was great but you know they
couldn't let you succeed now its Creed
but eyes on me couldn't let you succeed
now its Creed all eyes on me i'm chillin
with my geez it's all so wavy I don't
pop molly i did move them don't need
Fame trust me my g's but you're the one
who ignore me who I trust a vulgar my
nigga cheesy Scarface shit I'm just ask
for the money the time for honey and I
never listen to the lies of enough my
wants to tell me I see everything I see
you you can't see me like I'm John Cena
dude rape me or hate me I couldn't give
a fuck don't don't don't need and talk
to make a nigga duck and you know can't
call me some you ain't my dog's
atlassian blue whole lot windup reload
the cheese what you sayin we think about
us end up so when some love it jia shit
and get me obviously